Add transformation action to Habitica (#35510)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/habitica.markdown

To use task aliases, make sure **Developer Mode** is enabled under [**Settings -> Site Data**](https://habitica.com/user/settings/siteData). Task aliases can only be edited via the **Habitica** web client.

### Action `habitica.transformation`

Use a transformation item from your Habitica character's inventory on a member of your party or yourself.

| Data attribute | Optional |  Description                                                                                                      |
| -------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `config_entry` | no       |  Config entry of the character to use the transformation item.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config_entry` | no       |  Config entry of the character using the transformation item.                                                    |
```

| `item`         | no       |  The transformation item you want to use. Item must be in the character's inventory.                               |

> | `target`       | no       |  The character you want to use the transformation item on. Matches by display name, username or user ID           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target`       | no       |  The character you want to use the transformation item on. Matches by display name, username, or user ID.           |
```
